Secretary Zhang, do you know him?
Of course I know
Let me tell you something.
This Toad
Write love letters to chase me in school
It was a school joke.
Jin Feng, I really like you
Be my girlfriend
I will definitely make you happy.
Xiaofeng, you are so charming
Even our school is famous for being poor
I'm willing to spend money to buy you flowers
Oh, come on.
Cut it out.
Do you really want me to be your girlfriend?
To the breeze
I really like you.
Then close your eyes
Don't close your eyes, you can ask me to do anything
Okay, you can open your eyes now.
Breeze, what did you put on my head?
Hey don't take it
That's my best friend
Something to give to his friend
I admire you so much that I forwarded him to you.
Didn't you say you love me very much?
Then prove it to me.
You frog from here to there.
I promise to be your girlfriend